housing options!
Not really, it’s a nice school. But finance is a big factor.
no
no
Perhaps
Accept me
No, I chose a university in a different city due to the housing situation and the commute
If you could provide more scholarship opportunities.
Not really
Perhaps, a scholarship programme.
no
Recover majors about computer networks.
No. because have already started another master's
I hope the cs program can continue to open in the spring, and I would love to go.
Make it a two year program that allows students to work part time to afford life
Not really, the travel from my housing was too far. Rotterdam as a city was more convenient.
It's not you, it's me :-)
Nop
no, purely based on the city (tourists, size etc.) and the study course itself (less society  including as WSM)
No. I've just change my mind about the place and degree
Get me an apartment 😂
Have new and combined-with-other-areas kind economics programme
Refugees need an opportunity to study, because Netherlands needs not only MacDonald's workers, but mathematicians as well. Very sad that Dutch ministry of education doesn't understand that.
Unfortunately no, but I hope I will have the opportunity to finish master degree at VU one day.
it would have helped that you would have shown interest that I am a neurodiverse young adult and been upfront on what you could support my transition into your school and provide housing for the duration of my studies
Maybe offering some kind of scholarships for students that they do not have enough money to study abroad
Student housing
No, just because it came down to the housing crisis and extremely high prices in Amsterdam.
No nothing, I still wish I went to VU but I got rejected.
No :)
The application/admission decisions and communications were very delayed.
improving the accommodation  campus capacity for the 1st year students.
No
I still intend to study at vu amsterdam starting nexy year and I will apply again, so theres no need to change my mind :)
Housing is the main reason .
Scholarship or a lower tuition fee
I received a response from the scholarship admissions team a day after I submitted my scholarship application. What a decision is this?
I applied to 2 foreign unisersities. VU Amsterdam and NKUA Athens. For studying especially Ancient Greek Archaeology I found Athens more suitable for my futur studies and career.
100% discount on tuition fee
In my particular case, it was necessary to have the financial support of my partner, so I would need the financial support of the university to have the opportunity to stay in Amsterdam with my partner.
The application documents were tedious to prepare and needed a lot of copy-and-paste work and poor formatting, but otherwise, the application experience was the best I have experienced in several schools in the Netherlands and the feedback was very efficient!
If I knew I would be granted a housing option, I’d chosen VU Amsterdam, however, I got that information sooner from UvA.
No, I had friends elsewhere and chose the safer route
Easier housing
I don't understand why this university can't accept the score of 6, students who want to study English literature and culture, for instance, have another courses and tests during the first month. They can improve their language and level during the year.  I have been trying to apply for 2 years. 2 years, and the university didn't accept me because of my language test, and l want to study English. I don't understand why!!. We have chance to improve our English, it will be exhausting,but it can be
If the programme was a qualified LLB and more into National/International rather than Social and Security Law it would interest me more however I do need to mention that the programme is quite fitting for many
The tuition fee is so high comparing to my university
Housing opportunities.
No, the programme that i’m attending now is just a better fit.
Nothing. This university is totally waste of money.
no, i just decided for a better ranked university
I did not have so much time to arrange in advance either the application either the stay in Amsterdam as a whole. So, I decided to not complete the enrollment, because I wasn't comfortable to leave last minute without accomodation and being not so aware of the current situation.Therefore, there are no faults related to VU.
Provide accomodation for international students
No
No
more clear scholarship guide and application procedure
Maybe scholarships. LOL
More housing options
I don't think so, I already study elsewhere
no sorry, it is just about my financial status
No, the admission officer's attitude when I asked for an extension for submitting the transcript (given that I could not access it earlier than the 1st of July) triggered me and I'm afraid I cannot go past it.
I was very keen to study at VU. Unfortunately, certain unforeseeable situations emerged, and I was delayed in sending my documents to VU.   I  thank you for the opportunity provided to me.
Only the english results made me go for another programme
More scholarship opportunities specific to the departments would be nice and it is really hard for foreigners to be able pay the higher tution fees
A living stipend for science master's